Documentation for the code used in numerical simulations of tBLG network model.

Algorithm 1:
The presented algorithm for Fig.4 takes
 - injected current distribution at fixed energy E as input 
 - parameters of the S-matrix for the network model
 - system sizes and value of magnetic flux defined by Fig.2
  
and returns the distribution of currents in the whole system as output.

The main steps of the algorithm are the following:
1) building the network geometry as networkx library directed graph. 
Edge directions are that of mode propagation.
2) using this geometry, node S-matrices and magnetic+dynamic phases accumulated on the links, 
the system of equations for network model is filled. The variables are currents (modes) on the links, 
two per each link in single valley.
3) The obtained linear system of equations is solved.
4) Using the geometry of the network (x, y coordinates of all links) 
and obtained solution for current on each link in each of two channels per link,
the full current density distribution is plotted in 2D plane.

The specifications of the functions used to perform these steps are listed in file 
"conductance_oscillations_mode_sum_annotated.py",
and the examples of solving the network model and plotting the results are shown in file
"Wave_packet_distributions_plotting.ipynb"

Algorithm 2:
The algorithm for Fig.7, which is placed in separate file "conductance_oscillations_mode_sum_annotated.py" uses 
the previous algorithm 1 to calculate conductance between two narrow contacts. Additionally to parameters used in 
Algorithm 1, it takes the sizes of both contacts. 
The conductance is calculated in several steps:
1) using each mode coming through the contact, the corresponding current distribution is built.
2) the outgoing current through another contact is calculated using the summation over all channel in the second contact. 
This gives conductance per single mode channel.
3) the full conductance is the sum of single mode conductance contributions over all 
modes incoming  into the first contact. Note that some part of the current goes.
into the grounded boundary, and is not captured by the narrow contact.

Since the evaluation takes quiet long time, the data on intermediate steps and at the end is saved to text files 
in byte format using pickle library. 
The code that allows one to load and use data from these files in presented in file 
"conductance_data_file_to_plot_convertion.ipynb"